Nothing is impossible. Except Monday mornings.
You are not illiterate.
A comfort zone is a magical place where nothing ever grows.
Give yourself a break before you breakdown.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
Happiness is enjoying what you got. Never from what you want.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Genius is eternal patience.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
Fight for it. You will come out on the top.
Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
Expect a change for the better.
Examine the situation before you act impulsively.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Common sense is instinct.  Enough of it is genius.
Call an old friend today.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Behavior is a mirror in which everyone shows his own image.
Balance life with a little sweet & sour.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference.
An unexpected check or fortune will arrive today.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
An upset is an opportunity to see the truth.
Any rough times are behind you.
An important person will offer you support.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An investment in yourself will pay dividends for the rest of your life.
An old wish will come true.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your sorrows will vanish.
All the little things will add to a happy journey.
All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
6 out of every 10 people refuse to be a statistic.
a belief is just a thought you keep having
A bit of fragrance clings to the hand that gives flowers.
Absolutes are absolutely wrong
abstraction is a type of decadence
Abuse of authority comes as no surprise.
Abuse of power comes as no surprise
Acting without thinking can be awfully entertaining.
Actions speak louder than words... but nothing speaks louder than they who take no action
Adapt or die.
Ad astra per aspera.
A fine will be charged for wounding the library books.
A good man has few enemies. A ruthless man has none.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Alarm clocks kill dreams.
A little knowledge can go a long way
A little madness now and then is relished by the wisest men.
A little rudeness and disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills and add drama to an otherwise dull day.
All employees are forbidden.
All this foliage is obstructing my scenic view.
Almost half of them are BELOW AVERAGE
Always be ready to walk away from a bad idea.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Annihilate the adversaries with laughter.
An object at rest cannot be stopped
Are You Mad At Yourself for Not Exiting
a sense of timing is the mark of genius
Asking questions is the only way to get answers.
A suspicious mind is a healthy mind
Frogs are my favorite vegetable.
GET OFF THE INTERNET AND DO SOMETHING
GET OVER IT
Get paranoid to act fast.
Get ready for this.
Good luck on your exam.
Go places.
Go talk to that old weird guy at Dennys.
Government Complaints Box 📥
Happiness is a new idea.
Has to happen to somebody.
The poors are at it again.
Have a nice day. Or else
History is written by the winners
I can see you
ice cream is never the wrong decision
I found Nirvana. It was in my album collection.
If seeing is believing you have to be blind.
I saw what you did just now
It is forbidden to forbid.
It is happening again.
Knock yourself out.
Knowing is hard.
knowing yourself lets you understand others
knowledge should be advanced at all costs
Look for people picking their nose in their car.
Looks like someone divided by zero.
Look up.
MAKE IT STOP
Make weirdness normal.
Mashed potatoes can be your friend.
Never wrestle a pig. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Nice one. You got away with it.
Roll again.
SHHHHHH. listen.
