Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #1 	"Once you have their money, you never give it back." 	"The Nagus" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #2 	"The best deal is the one that makes the most profit." 	The 34th Rule (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #3 	"Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to." 	"The Maquis, Part II" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #4 	"A woman wearing clothes is like a man in the kitchen." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #5 	"Always exaggerate your estimates." 	Cold Fusion (SCE novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #6 	"Never let family stand in the way of opportunity." 	"The Nagus" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #7 	"Always keep your ears open." 	"In the Hands of the Prophets" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #8 	"Small print leads to large risk." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #9 	"Instinct, plus opportunity, equals profit." 	"The Storyteller" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #10 	"Greed is eternal." 	"Prophet Motive" (VOY episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #11 	"Even if its free, you can always buy it cheaper." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #12 	"Anything worth selling is worth selling twice." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #13 	"Anything worth doing is worth doing for money." 	Legends of the Ferengi (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #15 	"Dead men close no deals." 	Demons of Air and Darkness (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #16 	"A deal is a deal (is a deal)...until a better one comes along." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #17 	"A contract is a contract is a contract... but only between Ferengi." 	"Body Parts" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #18 	"A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all." 	"Heart of Stone" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #19 	"Satisfaction is not guaranteed." 	Legends of the Ferengi (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #20 	"He who dives under the table today lives to profit tomorrow." 	Ferenginar: Satisfaction is Not Guaranteed (DS9 novella)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #21 	"Never place friendship before profit." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #22 	"Wise men can hear profit in the wind." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #23 	"Nothing is more important than your health...except for your money." 	"Acquisition" (ENT episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #25 	"You can't make a deal if you're dead." 	"The Siege of Ar-558" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #27 	"There's nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman." 	Legends of the Ferengi (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #29 	"What's in it for me?" 	Highest Score (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #30 	"A wise man knows that confidentiality equals profit." 	The Badlands, Part IV (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #31 	"Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother." 	"The Siege" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #32 	"Insult something he cares about." 	"Elite Force II"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #33 	"It never hurts to suck up to the boss." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #34 	"War is good for business." 	"Destiny" (DS9 episode); The 34th Rule (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #35 	"Peace is good for business." 	"Destiny" (DS9 episode); The 34th Rule (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #37 	"The early investor reaps the most interest." 	ST novella: Reservoir Ferengi
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #40 	"She can touch your lobes but never your latinum." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #41 	"Profit is its own reward." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #43 	"Feed your greed, but not enough to choke it." 	The Buried Age (TNG novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #44 	"Never confuse wisdom with luck." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #45 	"Expand or die.*" 	"Acquisition" (ENT episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #47 	"Never trust a man wearing a better suit than your own." 	"Rivals" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #48 	"The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #52 	"Never ask when you can take." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #53 	"Never trust anybody taller than you." 	Mission Gamma: Twilight (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #54 	"Rate divided by time equals profit." (Also known as "The Velocity of Wealth.") 	Raise the Dawn (Typhon Pact novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #55 	"Take joy from profit, and profit from joy." 	Worlds of Deep Space Nine: Bajor: Fragments and Omens (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #57 	"Good customers are almost as rare as latinum...treasure them." 	"Armageddon Game" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #58 	"There is no substitute for success." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #59 	"Free advice is seldom cheap." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #60 	"Keep your lies consistent." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #62 	"The riskier the road, the greater the profit." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #63 	"Work is the best therapy-at least for your employees." 	"Over a Torrent Sea" (TTN novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #65 	"Win or lose, there's always Hupyrian beetle snuff." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #69 	"Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races." 	Balance of Power (TNG novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #74 	"Knowledge equals profit." 	"Inside Man" (VOY episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #75 	"Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of latinum." 	"Civil Defense" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #76 	"Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the Hell out of your enemies." 	"The Homecoming" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #77 	"If you break it, you bought it." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #79 	"Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #82 	"The flimsier the product, the higher the price." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #85 	"Never let the competition know what you're thinking." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #87 	"Learn the customer's weaknesses, so that you can better take advantage of him." 	Highest Score (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #88 	"It ain't over 'til its over." 	Ferenginar: Satisfaction is Not Guaranteed (DS9 novella)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #89 	"Ask not what you can do for your profits, but what your profits can do for you." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #92 	"There are many paths to profit." 	Highest Score (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #94 	"Females and finances don't mix." 	"Ferengi Love Songs" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #95 	"Expand or die.*" 	"False Profits" (VOY episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #97 	"Enough...is never enough." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #98 	"Every man has his price." 	"In the Pale Moonlight" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #99 	"Trust is the biggest liability of all." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #102 	"Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever." 	"The Jem'Hadar" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #103 	"Sleep can interfere with..." 	"Rules of Acquisition" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #104 	"Faith moves mountains...of inventory." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #106 	"There is no honor in poverty." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #109 	"Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack." 	"Rivals" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #110 	"Exploitation begins at home." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #111 	"Treat people in your debt like family... exploit them." 	"Past Tense, Part I" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #112 	"Never have sex with the boss' sister." 	"Playing God" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #113 	"Always have sex with the boss." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #121 	"Everything is for sale - even friendship." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #123 	"Even a blind man can recognize the glow of Latinum." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #125 	"You can't make a deal if you're dead." 	"The Siege of AR-558" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #139 	"Wives serve; brother inherit." 	"Necessary Evil" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #141 	"Only fools pay retail." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #144 	"There's nothing wrong with charity... as long as it winds up in your pocket." 	Legends of the Ferengi (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #147 	"People love the bartender." 	Fearful Symmetry (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #153 	"Sell the sizzle, not the steak." 	"Deep Space Mine" (DS9 comic)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #162 	"Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #168 	"Whisper your way to success." 	"Treachery, Faith, and the Great River" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #177 	"Know your enemies... but do business with them always." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #181 	"Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #183 	"When life hands you ungaberries, make detergent." 	Hollow Men (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #184 	"A Ferengi waits to bid until his opponents have exhausted themselves." 	Balance of Power (TNG novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #188 	"Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #189 	"Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #190 	"Hear all, trust nothing." 	DS9 episode: "Call to Arms"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #192 	"Never cheat a Klingon... unless you're sure you can get away with it." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #193 	"Trouble comes in threes." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #194 	"It's always good business to know about new customers before they walk in your door." 	"Whispers" (DS9 episode)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #199 	"Location, location, location." 	The Soul Key (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #200 	"A Ferengi chooses no side but his own" 	(DS9 novel: Ferenginar: Satisfaction is Not Guaranteed)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #202 	"The justification for profit is profit." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #203 	"New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back." 	DS9 episode: "Little Green Men"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #208 	"Sometimes, the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer." 	DS9 episode: "Ferengi Love Songs"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #211 	"Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success, don't hesitate to step on them." 	DS9 episode: "Bar Association"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #212 	"A good lie is easier to believe than the truth." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #214 	"Never begin a business transaction on an empty stomach." 	DS9 episode: "The Maquis, Part I"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #216 	"Never gamble with a telepath." 	DS9 novel: The Laertian Gamble
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #217 	"You can't free a fish from water." 	DS9 episode: "Past Tense, Part I"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #218 	"Always know what you're buying." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #218 	"Sometimes what you get free cost entirely too much." 	Baby on Board (DS9 Malibu Comics)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #219 	"Possession is eleven-tenths of the law!" 	TNG novel: Balance of Power
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #223 	"Beware the man who doesn't take time for Oo-mox." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #227 	"If that's what's written, then that's what's written." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #229 	"Latinum lasts longer than lust." 	DS9 episode: "Ferengi Love Songs"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #235 	"Duck; death is tall." 	Mission Gamma: Twilight (DS9 novel)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #236 	"You can't buy fate." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #239 	"Never be afraid to mislabel a product." 	DS9 episode: "Body Parts"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #240 	"Time, like latinum, is a highly limited commodity." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #242 	"More is good...all is better." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #255 	"A wife is [a] luxury... a smart accountant a neccessity." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #257 	"When the messenger comes to appropriate your profits, kill the messenger." 	False Profits (Voyager)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #261 	"A wealthy man can afford everything except a conscience." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #263 	"Never let doubt interfere with your lust for Latinum." 	DS9 episode: "Bar Association"
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #266 	"When in doubt, lie." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #272 	"Always inspect the merchandise before making a deal." 	Star Trek Online
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #280 	"If it ain't broke, don't fix it." 	DS9 novel: Ferenginar: Satisfaction is Not Guaranteed)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #284 	"Deep down, everyone's a Ferengi." 	The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition (DS9 reference book)
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #285 	"No good deed ever goes unpunished." 	DS9 episode: "The Collaborator"
